Add Internet Explorer (#1316)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/internetexplorer.md

---

> permalink: /internetexplorer

Reviewer: Shall we call this `internet-explorer.md` and have `internetexplorer` as an alternate?

```suggestion
permalink: /internet-explorer
```

We have a mix of products with and without hyphens, but hyphens make things more readable.

title: Internet Explorer
releasePolicyLink: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/faq/internet-explorer-microsoft-edge#what-is-the-lifecycle-policy-for-internet-explorer-
releaseDateColumn: true
releaseColumn: false
iconSlug: internetexplorer
activeSupportColumn: false
eolColumn: Security and technical support
sortReleasesBy: releaseDate
releases:

-   releaseCycle: "7" 
    eol: 2023-10-10
    releaseDate: 2006-10-18

-   releaseCycle: "8"
    eol: 2016-01-12
    releaseDate: 2009-06-17

    
-   releaseCycle: "9"
    eol: 2016-01-12
    releaseDate: 2011-03-15

-   releaseCycle: "10"
    eol: 2020-01-31
    releaseDate: 2012-10-30

> -   releaseCycle: "11 (Semi-Annual Channel)" # This applies to 99% of users

Reviewer: [MS also calls it the desktop app](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/products/internet-explorer-11), which is much more understandable. 

Also remove the comment, it's not useful as a hidden comment.  
```suggestion
-   releaseCycle: "11 (desktop app)"
```

Author: The issue I see with this is that technically what is on the LTSC is also the desktop app.

Reviewer: What's LTSC?

Author: > What's LTSC?

Long term support channel for Windows. This also applies for Windows Server desktop.

Reviewer 2: The newest edit resolves this.

>     eol: 2022-06-14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    eol: 2022-06-15
```

Author: Date on MS documentation is the 14th, I believe the wording is that it is end of life on the 14th and that the 15th is the first day it is end of life (wording is strange here, but I'd rather use what the documentation says). 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle/products/internet-explorer-11-on-windows-10

Reviewer 3: Matching upstream seems more accurate.

Author: > Matching upstream seems more accurate.

You mean having the 14th or 15th here? Because announcements from Microsoft usually say the 15th, while the documentation says the 14th.

Reviewer 3: 14th, as on the table.

    releaseDate: 2013-11-13

    
-   releaseCycle: "11"
    eol: 2031-10-14
    releaseDate: 2013-11-13

---

> [Internet Explorer](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/internet-explorer.aspx), is a proprietary and no longer recommended web browser developed by Microsoft. Internet Explorer has been included with a variety of devices throughout its lifespan such as Windows, Windows Phone, Mac OS, Xbox 360, Xbox One and others.

Microsoft recommends users to transition to [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/edge), there is an [Internet Explorer mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/deployedge/edge-ie-mode) included and supported till 2029.

## Special notes

> - Semi-Annual channel Windows installs (Home, Pro, Education, Enterprise, Workstations editions) have Internet Explorer be end of life on June 14, 2022 regardless of their accompanying operating system's life cycle.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
- Internet Explorer is end of life on June 14, 2022 for Semi-Annual channel Windows installs (Home, Pro, Education, Enterprise, Workstations editions), regardless of their accompanying operating system's life cycle.
```
